Which finger did you point to just now?
Don't you want it anymore?
I packed it, I was wrong, I was wrong.
Stop blocking
If you block it, you will get out.
Ok listen to you
Report brother
Hahaha you say you say
Let's leave him alone.
So many people in this company
When the time comes, someone will get up.
Good to hear from you.
You're right. No.
That's love for me, right? Don't be too affectionate
It's to eat in your martial arts project
500 million project
He gave you the 500 million I gave you
Didn't he give you 500 million project?
That's my own money
You dog
Dare to cheat outside in my name
What are you going to do with him?
The company has a utility supervisor
Just take people in and don't kill them
Don't go
No! I can't go!
Why do you think Xingtian Leopard is so polite to me?
Because he is afraid of me
And your 500 million project
I also asked him to give it to you.
How is that possible?
Don't put gold on your face
I don't want our children to satisfy me in the future
Then why did he give you your project?
Can't it be because of my ability?
Hey, are you back?
I didn't expect you to be such a person
Sister, don't make trouble, he's my sister
sister